workflow to run stylecheck (#187)
devrev/fern-api-docs: style/sample-common.mdx

> - Automated Incident Creation: When an incident is triggered in Datadog, the snap-in automatically creates a corresponding incident in DevRev.
> - Automated Incident Updation: When an incident is updated in Datadog, the changes are reflected in DevRev.
> - Real-time Synchronization: The snap-in ensures that incidents are created or updated in real-time, reducing delays between detection and resolution. DevRev captures the necessary incident details from the Datadog payload, allowing teams to address and mitigate issues.
> - Seamless integration: The snap-in is built to streamline workflows, minimizing the need for manual intervention.

Author: ```suggestion
- Automated incident creation from Datadog triggers
- Automated incident updates from Datadog changes
- Real-time synchronization between systems
- Seamless workflow integration
```

> - Automated Incident Creation: When an incident is triggered in Datadog, the snap-in automatically creates a corresponding incident in DevRev.
> - Automated Incident Updation: When an incident is updated in Datadog, the changes are reflected in DevRev.
> - Real-time Synchronization: The snap-in ensures that incidents are created or updated in real-time, reducing delays between detection and resolution. DevRev captures the necessary incident details from the Datadog payload, allowing teams to address and mitigate issues.
> - Seamless integration: The snap-in is built to streamline workflows, minimizing the need for manual intervention.

Author: ```suggestion
- Automated incident creation: Creates corresponding incidents in DevRev when triggered in Datadog
- Automated incident updates: Reflects Datadog incident changes in DevRev
- Real-time synchronization: Ensures immediate creation and updates of incidents to reduce detection-to-resolution delays
- Seamless integration: Streamlines workflows to minimize manual intervention
```

> - Automated Incident Creation: When an incident is triggered in Datadog, the snap-in automatically creates a corresponding incident in DevRev.
> - Automated Incident Updation: When an incident is updated in Datadog, the changes are reflected in DevRev.
> - Real-time Synchronization: The snap-in ensures that incidents are created or updated in real-time, reducing delays between detection and resolution. DevRev captures the necessary incident details from the Datadog payload, allowing teams to address and mitigate issues.
> - Seamless integration: The snap-in is built to streamline workflows, minimizing the need for manual intervention.

Author: ```suggestion
- Automated incident creation: The snap-in creates corresponding incidents in DevRev when triggered in Datadog.
- Automated incident updates: Changes in Datadog incidents are automatically reflected in DevRev.
- Real-time synchronization: Incidents are created or updated in real-time, reducing delays between detection and resolution.
- Seamless integration: The workflow design minimizes manual intervention requirements.
```

> - Automated Incident Creation: When an incident is triggered in Datadog, the snap-in automatically creates a corresponding incident in DevRev.
> - Automated Incident Updation: When an incident is updated in Datadog, the changes are reflected in DevRev.
> - Real-time Synchronization: The snap-in ensures that incidents are created or updated in real-time, reducing delays between detection and resolution. DevRev captures the necessary incident details from the Datadog payload, allowing teams to address and mitigate issues.
> - Seamless integration: The snap-in is built to streamline workflows, minimizing the need for manual intervention.

Author: ```suggestion
- Automated incident creation from Datadog triggers
- Automated incident updates synchronized from Datadog changes
- Real-time synchronization between platforms
- Seamless workflow integration with minimal manual intervention
```

> - Automated Incident Creation: When an incident is triggered in Datadog, the snap-in automatically creates a corresponding incident in DevRev.
> - Automated Incident Updation: When an incident is updated in Datadog, the changes are reflected in DevRev.
> - Real-time Synchronization: The snap-in ensures that incidents are created or updated in real-time, reducing delays between detection and resolution. DevRev captures the necessary incident details from the Datadog payload, allowing teams to address and mitigate issues.
> - Seamless integration: The snap-in is built to streamline workflows, minimizing the need for manual intervention.

Author: ```suggestion
- Creates incidents in DevRev automatically when triggered in Datadog.
- Updates incident details in DevRev when changes occur in Datadog.
- Synchronizes incident data in real-time between both platforms.
- Streamlines workflows by minimizing manual intervention requirements.
```

> - Automated Incident Creation: When an incident is triggered in Datadog, the snap-in automatically creates a corresponding incident in DevRev.
> - Automated Incident Updation: When an incident is updated in Datadog, the changes are reflected in DevRev.
> - Real-time Synchronization: The snap-in ensures that incidents are created or updated in real-time, reducing delays between detection and resolution. DevRev captures the necessary incident details from the Datadog payload, allowing teams to address and mitigate issues.
> - Seamless integration: The snap-in is built to streamline workflows, minimizing the need for manual intervention.

Author: ```suggestion
- Incident creation automation: The snap-in automatically creates corresponding incidents in DevRev when triggered in Datadog.
- Incident update synchronization: All Datadog incident updates are automatically reflected in DevRev.
- Real-time processing: The snap-in processes incident creation and updates immediately to reduce delays between detection and resolution.
- Workflow integration: Built-in automation eliminates the need for manual intervention in routine tasks.
```

> - Automated Incident Creation: When an incident is triggered in Datadog, the snap-in automatically creates a corresponding incident in DevRev.
> - Automated Incident Updation: When an incident is updated in Datadog, the changes are reflected in DevRev.
> - Real-time Synchronization: The snap-in ensures that incidents are created or updated in real-time, reducing delays between detection and resolution. DevRev captures the necessary incident details from the Datadog payload, allowing teams to address and mitigate issues.
> - Seamless integration: The snap-in is built to streamline workflows, minimizing the need for manual intervention.

Author: ```suggestion
- Automated incident creation: The snap-in creates corresponding incidents in DevRev when triggered in Datadog.
- Automated incident updates: Changes in Datadog incidents are automatically reflected in DevRev.
- Real-time synchronization: The snap-in ensures immediate creation and updates of incidents, reducing delays between detection and resolution.
- Seamless integration: The snap-in streamlines workflows by minimizing manual intervention.
```

> - Automated Incident Creation: When an incident is triggered in Datadog, the snap-in automatically creates a corresponding incident in DevRev.
> - Automated Incident Updation: When an incident is updated in Datadog, the changes are reflected in DevRev.
> - Real-time Synchronization: The snap-in ensures that incidents are created or updated in real-time, reducing delays between detection and resolution. DevRev captures the necessary incident details from the Datadog payload, allowing teams to address and mitigate issues.
> - Seamless integration: The snap-in is built to streamline workflows, minimizing the need for manual intervention.

Author: ```suggestion
- Automated incident creation: The snap-in creates corresponding incidents in DevRev when triggered in Datadog.
- Automated incident updates: Changes in Datadog incidents are automatically reflected in DevRev.
- Real-time synchronization: The snap-in ensures immediate creation and updates of incidents, reducing delays between detection and resolution.
- Seamless integration: Built-in workflow optimization minimizes manual intervention requirements.
```

> ### Installing the Snap-in

Author: ```suggestion
### Install the snap-in
```

> ### Installing the Snap-in

Author: ```suggestion
### Install the snap-in
```

> ### Installing the Snap-in

Author: ```suggestion
### Set up the snap-in
```

> ### Installing the Snap-in

Author: ```suggestion
### Configure and install the snap-in
```

> ### Installing the Snap-in

Author: ```suggestion
### Install the snap-in
```

> ### Installing the Snap-in

Author: ```suggestion
### Install the snap-in
```

> ### Installing the Snap-in

Author: ```suggestion
### Install the snap-in
```
